[ INDISTINCT WHISPERING ]
[ CRYING ]
[ HEARSE DOOR CLOSES ]
YOU...
YOU DID THIS TO HER.
YOU KILLED MY BABY!
OH, MOM.
[ SOBS ]
[ SOBBING ]
CAN YOU GET MY MOM
IN THE CAR?
OKAY.
[ WHIMPERS ]
I GOT YOU.
[ SNIFFLING ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
THE 5-0 JUST CAME BY
TO PAY RESPECT, RIGHT?
CONDOLENCES, BRO.
WE'RE SORRY ABOUT
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR SISTER.
A LOT OF PEOPLE
TALKING ABOUT IT, HUH?
YOU KNOW ANYTHING?
I KNOW YOU AND ANDY CHAN HAVE
BEEN LOSING SOLDIERS LATELY.
ONLY THING YOU GET
OUT OF GOING TO WAR
IS A BIGGER BODY COUNT.
THAT WHAT
YOU'RE GOING FOR?
WE'RE NOT TALKING
ABOUT A WAR RIGHT NOW.
THIS IS A FUNERAL.
SO IF YOU REALLY
WANT TO PAY CONDOLENCES
AND RESPECT TO MY SISTER,
YOU TELL ME WHAT YOU KNOW
ABOUT HER.
WHAT I KNOW?
YOU CAME AND ROLLED UP ON ME
AT POTRERO.
YOU TOLD ME THAT
YOU KNEW SOMETHING ABOUT HER.
I THINK
YOU MISHEARD ME.
I KNOW
YOU HAD A SISTER.
I DON'T KNOW NOTHING
ABOUT HER, THOUGH.
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
YOU DON'T KNOW NOTHING
ABOUT MY SISTER?
NO.
Fatty B.: YO. CAR'S GOING.
LET'S GO.
YOU DON'T KNOW NOTHING
ABOUT MY SISTER?
NO.
[ CAR DOOR CLOSES ]
[ CAR DEPARTS ]
WHAT THE HELL
IS HE TALKING ABOUT?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
[ SCOFFS ]
SARAH: Hi, it's me.
I'm sorry I haven't called.
I'm not sure
I can do this anymore.
I just need some time
to think about things.
OKAY, SO,
IS IT POSSIBLE
THAT SARAH LEFT THAT VOICEMAIL
FOR HER HUSBAND
BEFORE SHE WAS KILLED,
BUT THE DELIVERY WAS DELAYED?
IF WE WERE TALKING
ABOUT A DAY OR TWO,
THEN MAYBE BECAUSE TECHNOLOGY'S
STILL BASICALLY CRAP
FOR WHAT WE PAY FOR IT,
BUT THREE WEEKS TAKES US
WAY OUT OF GLITCH TERRITORY.
MORE LIKELY
SOMEBODY ELSE SENT THAT MESSAGE
AND THEN FORWARDED IT
TO BRIAN TRAN.
HOW DO YOU FORWARD A MESSAGE?IT'S SIMPLE. THERE'S AN APP.
SO THE BREAKUP WASN'T MEANT
FOR HER HUSBAND?
YOU KNOW I LIKE ME
A GOOD LOVE TRIANGLE.
DO I?OKAY, SO LOOK.
SARAH TRAN HAS A LOVER.
SHE TRIES TO BREAK IT OFF.
LOVER GETS MAD, KILLS HER.
AND THEN WHEN SAID LOVER
REALIZES
THAT HOMICIDE'S INVOLVED,
HE/SHE FORWARDS THE VOICEMAIL
TO PROVE THAT WHAT,
SARAH'S STILL ALIVE?
ANY IDEA
WHO FORWARDED THE MESSAGE?
I TRACED IT TO A BLOCKED NUMBER.
LOOKS LIKE A BURNER.
CAN YOU FIND OUT
WHERE IT CAME FROM?
FOR ME?
I WILL BE TAKING A BATH
IN WARRANTS AND RED TAPE,
BUT I'LL DO MY BEST --
FOR YOU.
LOVE YOU.
THAT'S A LOT OF WORK
TO COVER UP A MURDER.
[ SIGHS ]
WHAT DOES IT REMIND YOU OF?
KALEB'S STAGED SUICIDE.
[ SIGHS ]
TWO COPS
KILLED A FEW WEEKS APART,
BOTH BY SOMEONE WHO WANTED IT
TO LOOK LIKE SOMETHING ELSE.
KALEB WAS SHOT,
BUT TRAN WAS GARROTED
AND THROWN INTO THE BAY.
IT'S TWO COMPLETELY
DIFFERENT M.O.s.
WELL, IT COULD BE
INTENTIONAL, THOUGH,
IF THE KILLER KNOWS
HOW COPS THINK.
OR COULD BE A COP.[ SCOFFS ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ KEYS JINGLE ]
LEAVE KALEB WITH COLD CASE
FOR NOW.
WORK SARAH TRAN.
SEE WHERE IT TAKES YOU,
ALL RIGHT?
YES, SIR.
LOOK, IT'S POSSIBLE
THE KILLER IS IN THIS BUILDING.
WATCH YOUR BACKS.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
IT SOUNDED LIKE
RAT-TAT-TAT-TAT-TAT.
VERY LOUD, VERY LOUD.
RIGHT OUTSIDE THIS DOOR,
THE KITCHEN, THERE WAS A MAN
WITH A MACHINE GUN
SHOOTING ANOTHER MAN.
OH, COME ON, MAN.
I KNOW YOU GUYS SAW SOMETHING.
NO?
BREAK OVER.
HAVE TO WORK.
[ DOOR SLAMS ]
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
HEY, COMMANDER.
YOU WANTED TO SEE ME?
HAVE A SEAT
AND CLOSE THE DOOR.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
WORD IS THE NORTENOS
AND SURENOS
ARE CREEPING BACK
INTO INGLESIDE.
NOW, FIELD OPERATIONS
HAS SET UP A TASK FORCE
TO WORK
WITH THE COMMUNITY,
COORDINATE
WITH YOUTH SERVICES UNIT.
I'M REASSIGNING YOU.
[ SCOFFS ]
YOU'RE KIDDING ME, RIGHT?
I KNOW THE TIME YOU PUT IN
WITH POTRERO --
YEAH, A YEAR. ME AND MY CREW.
WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS?
THE LATINO GANGS
ARE A MUCH BIGGER PROBLEM.
IT'S NOT EVEN CLOSE.
COME ON.
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT KIDS
THAT ARE RUNNING ERRANDS
FOR THEIR UNCLES
IN PRISON.
AND THEY'RE KILLING PEOPLE.MOSTLY EACH OTHER.
MEANWHILE,
SUGER CASCADE'S GETTING RICH
SENDING SUPER WEED
TO HIGH-SCHOOL KIDS IN BROOKLYN.
WHAT?
THAT DOESN'T MATTER?
IT MATTERS,
BUT IT'S BEEN A YEAR
AND YOU HAVEN'T EVEN
TOUCHED HIM.
OH, I DIDN'T KNOW I WAS ON
A COMPLETELY ARBITRARY DEADLINE.
EASY, SERGEANT.
LOOK,
I'M JUST SAYING...
CASCADE ISN'T
JUST SOME BANGER.
ALL RIGHT,
HE'S SMART AND CAREFUL.
AND I'M GETTING CLOSE.
I JUST NEED TIME.
THESE THINGS DON'T HAPPEN
ON A SCHEDULE.
SO, ARE YOU JUST
CALLING THE WHOLE THING OFF,
OR ARE YOU BRINGING IN SOMEONE
TO REPLACE ME?
TBD.
I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T KNOW,
COMMANDER.
I JUST GOT TO SAY,
DUE RESPECT,
YOU GIVE ME A TIP
ON A GROW-HOUSE HIT,
TURNS OUT TO BE WRONG,
I CALL YOU OUT ON IT.
NEXT THING I KNOW,
I'M OFF OF SUGER ALTOGETHER.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT'S GOING ON
IS YOU'RE STANDING IN
YOUR COMMANDER'S OFFICE, AND
EVEN THOUGH YOU LOOK LIKE THAT,
YOU'RE NOT GETTING
ANY EXTRA LATITUDE WITH ME.
THINGS CHANGE.
SOMETHINGS.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
LIKE IT.
BUT IF YOU WANT STAY
IN THE GANG UNIT,
YOU'RE EXPECT TO PERFORM
YOUR JOB AS ASSIGNED.
[ SCOFFS ]
[ DOOR OPENS, SLAMS ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
YO.
HEY, RAF.
DID YOU HEAR
THIS BULLSHIT?
WE GOT REASSIGNED
TO INGLESIDE.
WHAT? CRIOLLA DIDN'T
TALK TO YOU?
HE DID.
BUT I'M NOT REASSIGNED.
I WAS COMING TO FIND YOU.IT'S COOL, ZAI.
HEY, SORRY ABOUT --
FINE.
IT'S COOL.
SON OF A BITCH.
SO, YOU REFUSED
TO APOLOGIZE?
YOU DIDN'T SHOW ANY REGRET
OR REMORSE FOR WHAT YOU DID?
IT WASN'T MY FAULT.
DID SOMEBODY
PUT A GUN TO YOUR HEAD
AND TELL YOU TO CALL
MR. HANKINS AN ASSHOLE?
YES.
NO.
WHICH MEANS
IT WASYOUR FAULT.
DO YOU REMEMBER WHAT WE SAID
ABOUT ACCOUNTABILITY?
WHAT ABOUT HANKINS?
HE'S NOT ACCOUNTABLE?
HMM? HE CAN JUST DO
WHATEVER HE WANTS,
SCREW ME OVER ON TESTS,
GET ME IN TROUBLE FOR NO REASON?
I-I-I GOT OPENING STATEMENTS
IN TWO DAYS.
I CAN'T KEEP HAVING
THIS CONVERSATION.
IT'S NOT NO REASON.
YOU DIRECTED PROFANITY
AT YOUR HISTORY TEACHER.
THAT WAS A CHOICE
YOUMADE.
I WAS DRIVEN TO THAT.
THAT WAS NOT A CHOICE.
DAMON WAS SCREWING WITH ME
THE ENTIRE CLASS,
AND NOBODY
DID ANYTHING.
I COULDN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE,
SO I JUST SAID, "STOP."
THAT IS ALL I SAID.
AND THEN HANKINS DECIDES
I'M BEING DISRUPTIVE.
AND THEN IT'S JUST
LIKE DETENTION --
WELL, YOU'RE SUSPENDED NOW.HE WASN'T LISTENING TO ME!
YOU MAY NOT
CALL HIM AN ASSHOLE.
YOU'RE NOT LISTENING TO ME,
EITHER!
WHY DO YOU
DRAG ME DOWN HERE, HUH,
IF YOU DON'T GIVE A SHIT
ABOUT ANYTHING I HAVE TO SAY?!
I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THIS.
[ DOOR OPENS ]ARE YOU KIDDING?
YOU KNOW WHAT? LET HIM GO.
WAIT, MICHAEL. MICHAEL.JUST LET HIM GO.
MICHAEL, WAIT.LEAVE ME ALONE!
MICHAEL!
OH, SWEETHEART, SWEETHEART.
ARE YOU OKAY? YOU OKAY?YEAH.
SIR, CAN I HELP YOU
WITH SOMETHING?WE'RE OKAY, THANK YOU.
ARE YOU SURE?WE'RE OKAY, THANK YOU.
OKAY.OKAY, LET'S GO.
YOU OKAY?
[ SCOFFS ]
I HAD NO IDEA
SARAH WAS HAVING AN AFFAIR.
BUT IF YOU'RE SAYING YOU HAVE
SOME SORT OF EVIDENCE...
IT DOESN'T
SURPRISE ME.
WHY NOT?
SHE HAD BEEN DISTANT
THE LAST YEAR.
[ SCOFFS ]
UNDERCOVER WORK
ISN'T EXACTLY
PART OF THE RECIPE
FOR A HEALTHY MARRIAGE.
WHY DIDN'T YOU MENTION THAT
WHEN SHE FIRST WENT MISSING?
I WAS IN DENIAL,
I GUESS,
HOPING FOR
THE BEST-CASE SCENARIO.
BUT NOW YOU'RE ON BOARD
FOR THE WORST?
LOOK, IT'S NO PICNIC
BEING INVOLVED WITH A COP, OKAY?
I SPENT
THE WHOLE MARRIAGE
TALKING MYSELF
INTO BEING OPTIMISTIC.
BECAME SECOND NATURE.
SHE'S NOT
DEAD IN THE STREETS,
SHE'S NOT BORED
WITH OUR LIFE,
SHE'S NOT
SLEEPING WITH SOME OTHER COP.
EVERYTHING'S
TOTALLY FINE.
YOU THOUGHT SHE WAS SLEEPING
WITH ANOTHER COP?
NO, IT'S...
IT'S JUST
A POSSIBLE EXPLANATION.
BUT SHE ALSO
WORKED REALLY HARD.
SHE LOVED BEING A COP,
LOSING HERSELF IN THE CASE.
AS FAR AS I KNEW,
IT WAS THAT.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
PERSON WHO WAS SUPPOSED TO
KNOW SARAH THE BEST
DIDN'T KNOW HER
AT ALL.
OH, NO, I DON'T THINK
HE'S OUR KILLER.
WE GOT TO FIND A WAY
TO GET INTO THAT WOMAN, THOUGH.
YEAH.
YOU REALLY THINK IT'S THAT BAD
BEING INVOLVED WITH A COP?
I DON'T KNOW.
DEPENDS ON THE COP.
[ CHUCKLES ]
ALL RIGHT,
AND THIS EXTENDS
ALL THE WAY DOWN
TO GAYLEY CENTER?
Man: YEAH, SURE.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ][ Ringing ]
HEY.
UH, I'M LOOKING OVER
YOUR WITNESS INTERVIEWS.
I'M CONFUSED HERE.
IT SAYS THAT
YOU ASKED BRIANNA
IF SARAH TRAN
HAD ANY FRIENDS AT THE CLUB,
AND SHE SAID,
"BOGART"?
WHAT IS THAT?
THERE'S NO FOLLOW-UP, EITHER.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
THIS.
THIS ISN'T A NAME.
IT'S A VERB.
UM, SHE BOGARTED
SOME CUSTOMERS.
SO SHE DOESN'T HAVE
ANY FRIENDS.
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
COME WITH ME A SEC.
I WANT TO SHOW YOU SOMETHING.
[ TELEPHONE RINGS ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
ALL RIGHT, PACK UP YOUR SHIT.
GO HOME. SLEEP IT OFF.
WHAT?YOU REEK OF ALCOHOL, JUNIOR.
[ LAUGHS ]
COME ON.
I DON'T WANT YOU HERE!
OKAY?! THIS IS MYUNIT!
YOU COME TO WORK DRUNK,
YOUR PAPERWORK --
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT!
OH, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT?!
JESUS CHRIST,
HOW IS THIS MY LIFE AGAIN?!
I HAD ADRINK. ONE.
[ SIGHS ] OKAY.
OKAY, JUST TO TAKE
THE EDGE OFF RIGHT NOW.
SERIOUSLY, HILDY,
YOU'RE WRONG ABOUT THIS, OKAY?
AND -- AND -- AND THIS IS REALLY
NOT HELPING MY SITUATION.
WHAT IS
YOUR SITUATION?
WHAT IS GOING ON?
I -- J-JUST LET IT GO.
JUNIOR, I'M NOT --
I'M NOT GONNA JUDGE YOU, OKAY?
YOU'RE MY BROTHER.
TALK TO ME.
LAST VACATION, UH...
OH, KAUAI.
YEAH, IT WAS BACK BEFORE,
UH, MY WIFE GOT SICK.
WE, UH -- WE MADE LISTS OF ALL
THE PLACES THAT WE WANTED TO GO.
HOW FAR DID YOU GET?
KAUAI.
YEAH, THINGS MOVED
PRETTY QUICKLY AFTER THAT.
MY WIFE
LOVED THE CRUISE SHIPS.
OH, CRUISE --
[ LAUGHS ]
EVERY YEAR, SHE'D SAY
LIKE IT WAS NEW IDEA,
"WE SHOULD
GO ON A CRUISE."
[ LAUGHS ]
BAD FOOD, BAD ENTERTAINMENT,
AND THERE'S NO ESCAPE.
[ LAUGHS ]
YEAH, YOU WENT, THOUGH,
DIDN'T YOU? YOU WENT.
BUT NOW THAT
SHE'S GONE,
I THINK ABOUT THEM BOATS
ALL THE TIME.
YEAH.
I BET.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
EH.
ABOUT TIME
FOR ANOTHER VACATION, HUH?
YEAH,
I CAN'T SEE PAST THE WORK.
DID LIEUTENANT KOTO
GIVE Y'ALL THE KALEB CASE?
HMM.
YOU FIND ANYTHING?
NO, BUT I CAN SEE
WHY IT WENT COLD.
NO PRINTS, NO FORENSICS,
CLEAN AS A WHISTLE.
REMINDS ME OF, UH, WHAT WENT
DOWN ON THE SARAH TRAN CASE.
HOW'S THAT?WELL, IT'S A COVER-UP, TOO.
DAMN.
YEAH.
YOU WANT ME TO DIG DEEPER
ON KALEB?
I CAN KNOCK ON SOME DOORS
IF IT'LL HELP.
MAN, THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
I'D APPRECIATE THAT.
OH, AND, UH,
BOOK THAT CRUISE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YO.
UH-OH.
I WANT TO SEE
THE GUY YOU HIT.
[ SCOFFS ]
I HIT A WALL.
YEAH. I HEARD THEY
REASSIGNED YOU.
WHAT HAPPENED?
I DON'T WANT TO TALK
ABOUT IT.
ALL RIGHT.
MAYBE LATER?
MAYBE.
MAYBE?
ALL RIGHT, I'LL, UH --
I'M GONNA GIVE YOU A CALL.
HEY.
SO, THE PHONE WAS A BURNER.OKAY.
I'VE GOT A WARRANT IN
FOR THE TRANSACTION I.D. NUMBER.
OKAY, WHAT DOES THAT --
WHAT DOES THAT GIVE US?
PLACE AND TIME OF SALE.[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
IF WE'RE LUCKY, SOME VIDEO
OF THE PERSON WHO BOUGHT IT.
THAT'S IT?
[ CHUCKLES ] I'M KIDDING.
I OWE YOU.
HEY.
HEY,
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT THE UNION?
UH...NOT MUCH, THAT IT'S,
UH, LIKE A SLUSH FUND.
YEAH,
MY DAD WAS PART OF IT.
HIM AND HIS CRONIES SKIMMING OFF
THE POT, PASSING IT AROUND.
ALL RIGHT, SEEMS STANDARD
FOR BACK IN THE DAY.
WELL, APPARENTLY,
IT'S STILL GOING ON.
THEY BOUGHT MY BROTHER'S
GAMBLING DEBT -- 70 GRAND.
YEAH, AND NOW THEY'RE
SWEATING HIM PRETTY HARD.
THAT'S --
THAT'S BIG MONEY.
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]YEAH, AND HE'S TERRIFIED
ABOUT IT, WHICH IS WEIRD TO ME.
WHY -- WHY WOULD
HE BE TERRIFIED? I MEAN,
THEY'RE COPS, RIGHT?
YOU'RE THE SECOND PERSON
TO MENTION THE UNION THIS WEEK.
KALEB'S SISTER SAID
THAT KALEB AND WALT
BOTH WORKED WITH THE UNION
BEFORE THEY ENDED UP DEAD.
AND IF ANY CRIME
IN OUR HISTORY
HAS MET THE THRESHOLD
FOR CAPITAL PUNISHMENT
AS ESTABLISHED
BY THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE,
IT IS THE CRIME
THAT DUSTIN MAKER COMMITTED
ON THAT SCHOOL BUS.
I DON'T KNOW.
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
HONEY?
ANY THOUGHTS?
HONESTLY, I DON'T KNOW
HOW CAN FOCUS ON THAT.
WELL,
IT -- IT'S MY JOB.
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO,
IGNORE IT?
I THINK
WE SHOULD CALL THE POLICE.
AND I THINK
YOU'RE OVERREACTING, HONEY.
ALL RIGHT,
MICHAEL'S RUN OFF BEFORE.
HE ALWAYS
SCARES YOU TO DEATH,
WHICH, JUST MY OPINION,
IS WHY HE DOES IT,
AND THEN
HE ALWAYS COMES BACK.
SO THIS IS MY FAULT?
NOT EVEN CLOSE
TO WHAT I SAID.
WELL, I'M SORRY.
I HAVE A KNOT IN MY STOMACH.
IT DOESN'T FEEL RIGHT.
PLEASE...
DO NOT CALL THE POLICE
RIGHT NOW.
I'M GOING TO
TAKE A BATH.
[ SCOFFS ]
[ PEN SCRATCHING ]
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
[ SIGHS ]
BACK AWAY
FROM THE DOOR.
Suger:
I'M NOT STRAPPED.
FACE THE WALL.
FACE THE WALL!
WHERE'S YOUR SHADOW?
NO GUN, NO SHADOW.
JUST SUGER.
SO, DOES EVERYONE IN
POTRERO KNOW WHERE I
LIVE NOW, OR JUST YOU?
JUST ME.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ CELLPHONE VIBRATING ]
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
YOUR CRIB...
IT LOOKS JUST HOW I PICTURED IT.
IT'S RAW.
YEAH,
THAT'S HOW I LIKE IT.
ME, TOO.
THIS ISN'T
WHAT YOU CAME HERE FOR.
WE HERE NOW.
YOU LET ME IN.
SO...
I KNOW THE OFFICER
THAT ARRESTED TENEA.
WHO?
IT'S NOT IMPORTANT.
VERACRUZ, WHAT YOU MEAN
IT'S NOT IMPORTANT?
WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW
WAS THAT OFFICER WAS COMPLAINING
BECAUSE YOUR SISTER
WAS ONLY CARRYING
SIXOUNCES OF COKE
WHEN THEY STOPPED HER.
SIX?
THAT'S A MISDEMEANOR.
SHE SHOULD HAVE WALKED
THAT SAME DAY.
AND THEN SHE GOT ARRAIGNED --
FELONY POSSESSION.
AND THE ARREST REPORT
SAID THAT SHE WAS CARRYING
EIGHTOUNCES.
OVER THE LIMIT.
I WENT TO THE COURTHOUSE
TO LOOK AT THE ARREST REPORT,
BUT IT WAS SEALED.
NO REASON
TO SEAL AN ARREST REPORT
FOR A ROUTINE
POSSESSION BUST.
UNLESS SOMEBODY IS TRYING
TO COVER SOMETHING UP.
YEAH.
SOMEBODY AT 850 WAS TRYING
TO JACK UP YOUR SISTER.
I DON'T KNOW WHO --
WHO ELSE IN 850 GOT THEY DICKS
HARD FOR ME BESIDES YOU?
[ CHUCKLES ]
MY COMMANDER.
CRIOLLA.
WHY DID YOU WAIT SO LONG
TO TELL ME?
I GOT TIRED
OF COVERING SHIT UP.
WHAT'S THIS?
LOOK INSIDE.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
OH, MY GOD.
70 ON THE DOT.
HOW DID YOU
GET THIS?
DID -- DID YOU, LIKE, BREAK INTO
THE EVIDENCE ROOM OR SOMETHING?
NO. I MOVED
SOME STUFF AROUND.
OH, MY GOD.
LEGALLY.
OKAY. LOOK, I'M...
I'M GONNA GET THIS
BACK TO YOU, OKAY,
WITH WHATEVER INTEREST
YOU WANT.
I DON'T WANT INTEREST.
I WANT YOU
TO TELL ME AND TERRY
EVERYTHING YOU KNOW
ABOUT THE UNION.
OH, JESUS CHRIST.
OH.
WHAT THE HELL FOR?
IT'S NON-NEGOTIABLE.
[ SIGHS ]
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
SO,
WHO'S IN THE UNION?
I DON'T KNOW
WHO'S IN THE UNION.
EXCEPT FOR CRIOLLA.
THAT'S THE POINT --
NO ONE KNOWS,
EVEN THE PEOPLE
THAT ARE IN IT.
SO, WHAT?
IT'S LIKE THE MEXICAN MAFIA?
PRETTY MUCH.
WELL, H-HOW DID YOU GET UP
WITH CRIOLLA?
HE RECRUITED ME
WHEN I WAS WORKING VICE.
HE RECRUITED YOU.
[ BUZZER ]
HE RECRUITED YOU
FOR WHAT?
INFORMATION.
ANYTIME THERE WAS A BIG BUST
OR CASH GRAB,
I WOULD LET HIM KNOW.
AND YOU GOT A KICKBACK.
YOU COULD CALL IT THAT.
WHAT SHOULD I CALL IT?
DUMB SHIT YOU LEARNED FROM DAD?
YOU SAID THERE WAS GONNA BE
NO JUDGMENTS, OKAY?
HEY.
HEY, HEY, HEY, JUST...
SO, THE LOAN --
DID CRIOLLA --
DID GIVE -- DID CRIOLLA
GIVE YOU THE LOAN?
NO.
WELL, THEN WHO DID?
[ SIGHS ]
LOOK, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU THINK YOU'RE GONNA DO
WITH THIS INFORMATION, OKAY?JUNIOR...
BUT THESE GUYS --
YOU CANNOT TAKE THEM DOWN.
THEY ARE COVERED
ON EVERY ANGLE.
WALT AND KALEB WERE KILLED
WHILE THEY WERE
WORKING FOR THE UNION, SO CAN
YOU PLEASE HUMOR US HERE?
[ SIGHS ]
I WAS TOLD
TO GO TO THE INVISIBLE HAND
AND ASK
FOR THE V.I.P. ROOM.
STRIP CLUB.
YES.
ALL RIGHT.
WHERE SARAH TRAN
WAS WORKING UNDERCOVER?
OUR OTHER DEAD COP?
THEN WHAT WOULD HAPPEN?
SHOW UP AND WALKED IN THE BACK,
AND THERE'S A GIRL THERE.
WAS SHE A DANCER?SHE DOESN'T DANCE.
SHE JUST ASKED ME WHAT I NEED,
I TELL HER,
COME BACK A COUPLE DAYS LATER,
AND SHE'S GOT 70 GRAND FOR ME.
ALL RIGHT, SO THEN THE UNION
IS USING THE STRIP CLUB
AS A COVER
FOR THEIR BUSINESS,
AND THEY'RE USING THE DANCERS
AS MESSENGERS.
SARAH TRAN GOES UNDERCOVER
AT A STRIP JOINT.
BUT INSTEAD
OF FINDING PROSTITUTION,
SHE FINDS THE UNION?
ALL RIGHT, SO WHAT?
DID -- DID SHE WANT IN?
WAS SHE BLACKMAILING
THE UNION? WHAT?
WAS IT ENOUGH
TO HAVE GOTTEN HER KILLED?
IS IT ENOUGH TO HAVE
GOTTEN HER KILLED?!
I DON'T KNOW!
OKAY, I DON'T KNOW ANY MORE!
DID YOU SEE HER?I SAW HER A COUPLE TIMES,
YEAH.
OKAY, BUT SHE WASN'T
DOING ANYTHING UNUSUAL,
SO I JUST PRETENDED
THAT I DIDN'T SEE HER.
I WANT TO TALK TO THE GIRL
WHO GAVE YOU THE MONEY,
FIND OUT
WHO SHE WAS WORKING WITH.
SHE'S NOT
GONNA TELL YOU ANYTHING.
WHO IS SHE?
HOW DO I FIND HER?
WHO'S THE GIRL, JUNIOR?JUNIOR.
YOU'VE MET HER BEFORE.
IT'S MOLK'S GIRLFRIEND,
ALYSSA, OKAY?
[ SIGHS ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
WHAT IS THIS?
ALYSSA,
YOU REMEMBER HILDY.
YEAH, YOUR SISTER.
ANOTHER COP.
MY BROTHER TOLD ME THE TRUTH
ABOUT WHERE YOU GUYS MET.
I-I JUST WANTED TO
TALK TO YOU.
OH, JUNIOR TOLD YOU THE TRUTH?
WELL, THAT WOULD BE A FIRST.
SO THAT WHOLE THING ABOUT
YOU APOLOGIZING WAS BULLSHIT.
YEAH. UH...
SORRY.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
SIT.
WHAT AM I
DOING HERE?
I HAVE A FEW QUESTIONS
THAT I WANTED TO ASK YOU,
AND I THOUGHT YOU'D PREFER IT
IF I WAS DISCREET.
WELL, I GUESS THAT DEPENDS
ON THE QUESTIONS.
WHO DID YOU
REPORT TO?
EXCUSE ME?
WHO IN THE UNION
DID YOU REPORT TO?
THE UNION? I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
THE PEOPLE WHO GAVE YOU
THE 70 GRAND THAT YOU
GAVE TO MY BROTHER.
LOOK, YOU'RE NOT
GONNA GET ANYTHING FROM ME.
WHAT IF
IT WAS MOLK ASKING?
LEAVE HIM OUT OF IT.
I'D LIKE TO.
HE'S A GOOD MAN, AND HE DESERVES
TO KNOW WHAT YOU'RE INTO.
SO ARE YOU
GONNA TELL ME?
OR AM I GONNA
TELL HIM?
LOOK,
I'M TRYING TO GET OUT.
IT'S NOT THAT SIMPLE.
ARE YOU SCARED OF WHAT
THEY'RE GONNA DO TO YOU?
TALK TO ME.
I'LL PROTECT YOU.
[ SCOFFS ]
IS THAT WHAT YOU THINK?
BECAUSE YOU HAVE
NO IDEA.
HMM.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
LAPIS IS TRICKY.
TO SOME, IT'S CALMING.
TO OTHERS, CAN COME OFF AS COLD.
I DON'T THINK
IT'S WORTH THE RISK.
I FEEL RIDICULOUS.
STUDIES SHOW THAT COLORS
HAVE A REAL INFLUENCE ON PEOPLE.
WELL, THE ONLY PERSON I HAVE TO
INFLUENCE IS THE JUDGE.
TRY THE CRIMSON.
AH.
THAT'S PRESIDENTIAL.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
[ BEEP ]WOMAN: Cassie's on the line.
I THINK YOU'RE GETTING
A LITTLE AHEAD OF YOURSELF.
[ CHUCKLES ]PRESIDENTIAL. [ CHUCKLES ]
HI, SWEETIE.
CASSIE:
[ Crying ] Honey.
WHAT?
WHAT'S WRONG?
THERE'S BEEN A LOCKDOWN
AT MICHAEL'S SCHOOL.
WHAT?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
They haven't said.[ DOOR CLOSES ]
IS MICHAEL OKAY?
I DON'T KNOW.
I STILL HAVEN'T HEARD FROM HIM.
WELL, THE CHRONICLE
JUST SAYS "UNSPECIFIED THREAT."
NO REPORTS
OF ANYONE BEING HURT.
YEAH, I KNOW.
IT'S...JUST --
What?
CASSIE, WHAT?
[ SNIFFLES ]
I'M AFRAID THAT MICHAEL
ISTHE THREAT.
SO, I-I DON'T GET IT.
SO -- SO, YOU -- YOU THINK
THAT SHE'S INVOLVED IN SOME KIND
OF MONEY-LAUNDERING THING?
MOLK, THERE'S NO PROOF
OF MONEY LAUNDERING.
WELL,
WHAT DO YOU HAVE PROOF OF?
TERRY, I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
OBVIOUSLY YOU GOT HER INVOLVED
IN SOME KIND
OF BAIT-AND-SWITCH MANEUVER.
I MEAN, AND SHE --
SHE'S REALLY UPSET, TERRY.NO.
I MEAN, SHE'S NOT EVEN
TALKING TO ME.
SO, UH, JUST PLEASE TELL ME
THAT THIS WAS NOT FOR NOTHING.
MOLK, WE GOT A TIP,
ALL RIGHT?
A TIP?
F-FINANCIAL --
FINANCIAL IMPROPRIETIES,
AND WE FOLLOWED UP
ON IT.
WELL,
WHO WAS THE TIP FROM?
MOLKY, IT DOESN'T MATTER.
COME ON NOW. TAKE IT EASY.
HEY.
HEY. WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
WELL, I WANT TO GET IN
THAT PLACE, LOOK AROUND.
YEAH, YOU CAN'T
JUST GET A WARRANT
AND GO INTO
THE INVISIBLE HAND.
YEAH, I CAN.
NOBODY KNOWS
WHO'S IN THE UNION.
SO?
You don't understand.
Anybody could be in it.
SAN FRAN CELL,
CORNER OF SUTTER AND VAN NESS --
PLACE OF SALE
FOR THE BURNER PHONE.
THE SARAH TRAN MESSAGE?
DO THEY HAVE VIDEO?THEY'RE E-MAILING IT
TO ME RIGHT NOW.
OH, MY GOSH,
I LOVE YOU.
YOU SHOULD.
[ SIGHS ]
WELL, IT PASSES BY
SO QUICKLY.
BEST THEY COULD DO
WAS SEND ME THE WHOLE DAY.
HERE WE GO.
TIME STAMP MATCHES.
YEAH.
WHO'S THAT GUY?
IT'D BE NICE
IF WE COULD SEE A FACE.
THE SHOW'S
NOT OVER YET.
HOLY SHIT,
THAT'S CRIOLLA.
[ CLICK ]
POLICE ARE DOING
A BASIC CHECK --
HOSPITALS, BUS STATIONS,
TRAIN STATIONS.
AS SOON AS THEY FIND ANYTHING,
THEY'LL CALL.
I'M JUST GLAD
THE BOMB THREAT WAS A HOAX.
[ SIGHS ]
I NEED A DRINK.
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
WHAT ARE
YOU TALKING ABOUT?
WE THOUGHT THE BOMB THREAT
WAS REAL,
AND WE THOUGHT MICHAEL
WAS BEHIND IT.
I JUST THINK
WE GOT A LITTLE SWEPT UP
IN THE EMOTION
OF IT ALL.
SO THAT
MAKES IT OKAY?
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ SOBS ]
OH, MY GOD. OH, MY GOD.
MOM, CHILL.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
I WAS CAMPING
AT THE PRESIDIO.
[ GLASS THUDS ]
[ CRYING ]
[ SOBS ]
[ SNIFFLING ]
MICHAEL, HOLD ON.
WHY DID YOU DISAPPEAR?
JUST WANTED
TO GET AWAY.
FROM ME?
NOT REALLY.
THEN WHAT?
W-WHY ARE YOU
SO UNHAPPY?
THAT'S JUST
THE WAY IT IS.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
SO, YOU BELIEVE THIS POLICE
OFFICER TOLD YOU THE TRUTH.
WHY?
GUT.
SAME REASON I BELIEVED YOU.
YOU WERE BEING SMART
TO BELIEVE ME.
I'M ALWAYS
BEING SMART.
[ CHUCKLES ]
AND IF THE COPS
JACKED UP MY SISTER,
MAYBE THEY THE ONES
THAT KILLED HER, TOO.
MAYBE.
BUT WHY ARE THEY TRYING TO
GET US TO GO TO WAR?
MUCH WORSE FOR YOU
THAN IT'S FOR ME.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU DON'T CARE?
IT DOESN'T PAY
TO BE ANGRY WITH COPS.
I NEED THEM
AS FRIENDS.
WELL, COPS AIN'T NEVER GONNA BE
MYFRIENDS.
YOU CANNOT GO TO WAR
WITH THE POLICE.
THAT'S A SLOW,
PAINFUL DEATH.
THEN WHAT?
YOU WANT ME TO LET IT GO?
'CAUSE I CAN'T LIVE
LIKE THAT.
IF YOU ARE A BUSINESSMAN,
THAT'S THE ONLY WAY TO LIVE.
ALWAYS PROTECT
THE BUSINESS.
OR FIND SOMEONE
WHO WILL.
COME ON, PIPPA.
LET'S GO.
LET'S GO FOR A WALK.
YES, GOOD GIRL.
GOOD GIRL.
[ DA HEAD CRACKAZ'
"WATER" PLAYS ]
♪ UNH, I DON'T NEED
YOUR POOR EXCUSES♪
♪ FOR THE WAY YOU COME AT ME♪
♪ PATIENTLY, SECRETLY,
I BEAT YOU WITH MY FREQUENCY♪
♪ MY LEVEL-HEADED HEAD CAN SEE
EXACTLY WHAT IT NEEDS TO SEE♪
♪ I STAY CALM EASILY♪
♪ MY BRAIN IS DECENCY
MIXED WITH RAGE♪
♪ AND IF MIXED EQUALLY, CAN
BLOW YOU IN A MILLION PIECES♪
♪ I TRIED TO WARN YOU,
BUT YOU WOULDN'T LISTEN♪
♪ HAD TO SEE THIS SIDE OF ME♪
♪ NOW IT'S TAKING OVER
EVERY SINGLE...PART OF ME♪
♪ HOLD ME BACK,
I THINK I'M GONNA LOSE IT NOW♪
HEY.♪ I AM THE WATER,
I AM THE WATER♪
HIT THE BRICKS.♪ THERE AIN'T NOBODY
THAT CAN STOP ME NOW♪
♪ I WILL COME HARDER,
I WILL BE SMARTER♪
YOU JUST
COST ME 150 BUCKS.
WAIT.♪ THERE AIN'T NOBODY
THAT CAN STOP ME NOW♪
HEY!
♪ SIGNIFICANT IDIOT♪
♪ WAIT A MINUTE, HE AIN'T
WORTH WHAT I PUT INTO IT♪OKAY, PLEASE.
PLEASE, JUST GIVE ME
FIVE MINUTES.
JUST HEAR ME OUT.
♪ GET WHAT HE DESERVES,
BUT NOT HERE♪
NO, YOUHEAR MEOUT.
I'M NOT THE ONE.
♪ PASSIONATE, ISN'T IT, HOW THE
VICTIM CAN COMMIT THE CRIME?♪
YOU ARE A NICE GUY,
BUT YOU'RE NOT AT ALL MY TYPE.
AND YOU'RE
KIDDING YOURSELF
IF YOU THINK THAT THIS
IS EVER GONNA BE SOMETHING.
GOD, YOU'RE LIKE
A MILLION OTHER GUYS
THAT COME IN HERE
DESPERATE TO BE A WHITE KNIGHT.
IT'S A JOKE.
♪ I AM THE WATER,
I AM THE WATER♪
ARE YOU DONE?
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW, 24 HOURS AGO,
I WASYOUR WHITE KNIGHT,
AND -- AND -- AND, YOU KNOW,
MAYBE I'VE GOT
THIS CHARACTER DEFICIENCY,
WHATEVER.
BUT YOU WERE RIGHT THERE
WITH ME.
♪ I AM THE WATER,
I AM THE WATER♪
AND THEN YOU TALKED
TO MY FRIENDS,
AND YOU TURNED
ON A DIME.
IT WASN'T LIKE THAT.
NO, IT WAS EXACTLY
LIKE THAT.
AND I-I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU DID
OR DIDN'T DO.
AND FROM WHAT I HEAR,
IT'S NOT A BIG DEAL.
BUT THE ONLY LOGICAL REASON
AS TO WHY
YOU'RE NOT TALKING TO ME
IS BECAUSE YOU'RE SCARED.
OH, JESUS CHRIST,
DAVID.
WHO ARE YOU SCARED OF,
ALYSSA?
WHO?♪ ON A HALF OF A FRACTION
OF HOW I FUNCTION♪
♪ LET YOUR PUNCHES GO♪LOOK.
I CAN'T MAKE YOU
TALK TO ME.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE INVOLVED IN.
BUT IF YOU NEED HELP,
I WANT TO HELP YOU.
NO MATTER WHAT.
♪ I AM THE WATER,
I AM THE WATER♪
♪ THERE AIN'T NOBODY
THAT CAN STOP ME NOW♪
OKAY.
♪ I WILL COME HARDER,
I WILL BE SMARTER♪
YOU KNOW
WHERE TO FIND ME.
♪ I AM THE WATER,
I AM THE WATER♪
♪ THERE AIN'T NOBODY
THAT CAN STOP ME NOW♪
♪ I WILL COME HARDER,
I WILL BE SMARTER♪
[ SOBS ]
♪ THERE AIN'T NOBODY
THAT CAN BRING ME DOWN♪
LIEUTENANT,
WITH THE WARRANT,
WE WERE IN AND OUT OF
CRIOLLA'S APARTMENT IN AN HOUR.
YOU READY?
GO FOR IT.
CASH, THREE TABLETS,
THREE BURNER PHONES, GUNS.
HE'S OBVIOUSLY NO BOY SCOUT,
BUT HERE'S THE HEADLINER.
SARAH TRAN'S
MURDER WEAPON.
IT'D BE A COINCIDENCE
IF IT WASN'T.
LET'S GO GET THIS SCUMBAG WHILE
HE'S STILL IN THE BUILDING.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
WHAT THE HELL
IS THIS?
MICHAEL CRIOLLA, YOU'RE
UNDER ARREST FOR THE
MURDER OF SARAH TRAN.
[ SCOFFS ]
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT
TO REMAIN SILENT.
ANYTHING YOU SAY
CAN AND WILL BE USED AGAINST YOU
IN A COURT OF LAW.YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
KEEP YOUR HANDS
WHERE WE CAN SEE THEM.
STAND UP.
SLOWLY.
[ SIGHS ]
YOU'RE MAKING
A BIG MISTAKE, KOTO.
I'LL MAKE A PHONE CALL.
IT'S GONNA BE LIKE NONE OF THIS
EVER EVEN HAPPENED.
EXCEPT YOU JUST ENDED
YOUR CAREER.
ALL OF YOU.
THERE'S NO COMING BACK
FROM THIS.
GET HIM
THE HELL OUT OF HERE.
OKAY.
ALL RISE.
COURT IS NOW IN SESSION.
THE HONORABLE
JUDGE MITCHELL ELLIS PRESIDING.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]PLEASE SIT DOWN.
DUSTIN MAKER,
YOU HAVE PLED GUILTY
TO 18 COUNTS OF MURDER AND
30 COUNTS OF ATTEMPTED MURDER.
WE'RE HERE TODAY
TO DISCUSS THE PENALTY.
MR. MAKER HAS WAIVED HIS RIGHT
TO A JURY,
WHICH MEANS I DON'T HAVE ANYONE
TO DO MY THINKING FOR ME.
THE EXPECTATION IS THAT
THIS WILL BE A QUIET COURTROOM.
ANY OTHER MATTERS
BEFORE WE GET STARTED?
NO, YOUR HONOR.
NOT AT THIS TIME.
VERY WELL, MR. SILETTI.
THE FLOOR IS YOURS.
THANK YOU,
YOUR HONOR.
NOW, I'M NOT GONNA PRESUME
TO GIVE YOU A LESSON IN THE LAW.
BUT AS A REMINDER TO US ALL,
I'D LIKE TO REFER
TO SECTION 190.2, PARAGRAPH 14
OF THE CALIFORNIA PENAL CODE,
WHICH STATES THAT
"THE DEATH PENALTY MAY BE USED
WHEN THE MURDER
WAS ESPECIALLY HEINOUS,
ATROCIOUS, OR CRUEL MANIFESTING
EXCEPTIONAL DEPRAVITY."
THE CODE GOES ON TO DEFINE THIS
AS A "CONSCIENCELESS
OR PITILESS CRIME
THAT IS UNNECESSARILY TORTUROUS
TO THE VICTIM."
THAT IS OUR LAW.
NOW,
YOU WILL HEAR FROM THE PEOPLE
WHO SURVIVED THE SHOOTING
ON THAT SCHOOL BUS.
THEY WILL TELL
THEIR STORIES.
THEY WILL
SHARE THEIR NIGHTMARES.
AND THEY WILL MAKE IT
PERFECTLY CLEAR
THAT THE DEADLY ASSAULT
THAT MR. MAKER AND MR. RENTMAN
METICULOUSLY PLANNED
AND CARRIED OUT
NOT ONLY MEETS THE THRESHOLD
FOR CAPITAL PUNISHMENT
BUT GOES FAR BEYOND IT.
THANK YOU.
WHAT DUSTIN AND ALFIE DID
THAT DAY WAS HORRIFIC.
THEY BOTH DESERVE
OUR STRONGEST CONDEMNATION.
AND THE FAMILIES
OF THE VICTIMS...
OUR DEEPEST SYMPATHIES.
BUT THESE PROCEEDINGS
ARE ABOUT
WHAT WE CHOOSE TO DO
WITH DUSTIN'S LIFE.
IF WE PUT HIM TO DEATH,
EVEN IF THE LAW ALLOWS FOR IT,
WE ARE SAYING THAT HIS LIFE
NO LONGER HAS VALUE.
I'M OFFERING THAT IT DOES.
I'M GOING TO SHOW YOU
THAT DUSTIN'S LIFE
AMOUNTS TO MUCH MORE THAN THAT
22 MINUTES ON THE SCHOOL BUS.
AND WHILE HIS ACTIONS
SHOULD BE MET WITH JUSTICE,
HIS LIFE...
LIKE ANY OTHER HUMAN LIFE...
...SHOULD BE MET WITH MERCY.
HELLO.
YOU MUST BE NEW
AT THE FIRM.
GRACE.
I HAVE SOME PAPERWORK FOR YOU
TO SIGN, IF YOU DON'T MIND.
[ SIGHS ]
[ COUGHS ]
[ GASPING ]
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
HI. IS THERE A GIRLS' ROOM
I COULD USE
WHILE HE LOOKS OVER
THAT PAPERWORK?
THANK YOU.